Once upon a time, in a far off land, there lived, well, a person.
He didn't live in the largest home suitable for his kind, nor was
it the smallest rat hole you can think of. It was a decent home,
breeding a soul like no other.

His hunger for destruction was insatiable. Walking through The
Holy Maker's lobbies, teetering on the very edge of madness,
he unlocked a secret. He unleashed a demon of infinite power.
It was the demon that ruled the Gods. For once, darkness did
win.

The demon speaks, soliloquizing in a tone so deep, the flippant
fool was put to a trance. He ruled the Gods, he said. He had
the them and their treasured infinite glory. He was not a tyrant,
or an oppressor. But his children, the Gods sought to be more
than what they were. They formed an army and planned the
assassination of their master. The father of Gods, killed by his
own sons. Judas, an evil, the deepest sin that Gods once
committed.

But they could not succeed.
Betrayed by his very sons, his madness released the demon
inside him. He unleashed his wrath, and killed the assassins.
The demon claimed a million Gods, commencing an all out war
in the very heavens we know today. The demon, unstoppable,
the war, genocidal. But the heart of a father never dies. For his
children, he sacrificed himself. He fought himself, and pacified
the demon within, shackled himself with an omnipotent seal
and handed his fate to our despicable Holiness. But they lacked
empathy and locked him up in Hell's deepest dungeon, unheard
of, never to wake again.

But now, the demon has finally awakened. Seeking vengeance,
seeking power. He mesmerizes the fool standing before him.
The demon's aura blazed around him as though he saw a messiah.
Then finally, he spoke -"Betrayer?.. In truth, it was I who was
betrayed, Still, I am hunted. Still, I am hated. My children failed
at redemption, and sometimes, the hands of fate must be
forced. Now go forth, reincarnate with my soul within, and
unleash the tides of doom, upon all those, who would oppose
us...".

One act of vengeance deserves another. And Thus, I, the the
fool, reincarnated with the soul of the very demon that ruled
the gods, calls upon thee, to serve His will. Overthrow thy
almighty, Reclaim the heavens, for the sake of humanity, and
beyond.